the English language means opportunity
to me I love the English language
because it's as simple because it's
changing all the time
and because there's such a broad range
of accents and dialects
Radovan has a really good variety of
classes that you can take with a lot of
the faculty having very interesting
areas of specialty people who are
passionate about linguistics literary
studies cultural studies and spread
praxis we take you from what you've
learned an arbiter we build up your
knowledge of grammar and English
language and we build up your
proficiency in English we teach you how
to structure into write essays we do a
lot of work on your speaking I offer for
example courses on the history of
language for example Middle English but
I also do courses on research methods or
general introduction to linguistics
there should be something special about
the courses that we teach you know we
try to make students do something
creative and that's something that it
really makes me feel passionate about
about teaching because there are so many
ideas that you get from the students
well you know in our language courses we
really try to come up with new ideas and
projects every semester so that students
could not only learn something in the
classroom but learn and apply what they
learn in the classroom outside as well
oh you know go to conferences together
do field trips to exhibitions that's one
thing but there's also programs apart
from the courses that we teach like the
Model United Nations program and the
Department of English or a series of of
films on English drama group if you want
to study abroad let's say in England you
can go to a range of universities like
Van Chester
Nottingham Sheffield Birmingham Atlanta
and other universities and we have many
universities which are not in
english-speaking countries in Romania
Poland Hungary Italy etc which are also
very interesting if you want to gain new
insights into different cultures
different nationalities different
literature's different languages para
poner una is Manzi exam but i am an oven
studio isn't here campus only Iman knows
rest against a stud farm to the vehicles
to come market and pop gear my canonical
feeling in much of Delano a law into my
pajamas and more necessary so I its
office a top universities when the kind
of innovators
you
cheapish paderborn our stats infamous
klein of lassitude gasm Vegeta mango
iced coffees and climb lady my kind of
shopping me in my kind of an stands
Indian my hands a fish bought here which
I am for us students are not just a
student number or my triple for us
students have a name face a history and
they also have goals and wishes and we
in the department try our best to help
our students not only finish with an
English degree but maybe have one step a
step closer to reaching their future
goals and dreams you're getting this
really broad range of topics and it's
not split up in two subfields as it is
it other universities you study English
because there's something about it that
you love that you have a passion for for
that language and that you feel
connected to their culture in some way
that you love the literature from from
that country all most of our students
become teachers of English others go
into public relations sudden become
journalists
become travel agents or travel guides
there's a broad range of course learning
the English language meant that it
provided for us what opened doors for us
really and I feel that it does the same
thing for our students as well
if Clara English has been enjoyable for
you so far
and you want to learn more about how the
language works about the literature of
the English language in American and
English studies and if you want to learn
more about the culture and part of our
university is the place for you
you